hi friends welcome to awesome toy
collector today we have Sesame Street's
Elmo's play-doh color mixer set and
we're going to be making some fun colors
with this play-doh set here I have red
blue and yellow
let's see all the cool magical colors we
can make first I'm going to mix blue and
yellow let's get started here's blue and
there's yellow
elmo's has to cover the lid and turn
channel let's turn the handle yay Elmo
wants to play with us
Elmo says it's done let's see the color
we made let's fix it some more yay Elmo
says work done
wow it looks like we made green now
let's choose a fruit that's green is
that green no is this green yes wow it
looks like we made a green apple yummy
let's put that aside and make another
color now I'm going to mix red and blue
here's my red ball I'm going to place
right inside there and there's a blue
ball
now let's start mixing
let's make this some more
faster-faster-faster
Wow we made a beautiful purple from red
and blue now let's make some grapes here
I've made some yummy great let's put it
aside now I'm gonna take yellow and red
and see what color we can make with
these two colors here's my yellow
play-doh I'm going to place it right
inside there and there's my red play-doh
let's close Elmo up
Wow it looks like we made orange that's
a real cool orange color red and yellow
make orange with this orange but can
make an orange here's a slice of an
orange moon that looks tasty now let's
give it to our friends Thomas and
lightning mcqueen here is lightning
mcqueen decorate him with an orange he
has a cool orange hat here's Thomas
let's put a grape on his funnel
and a piece of an apple on his buffers
so cool
if you guys enjoyed this video please
give us a thumbs up and subscribe for
more fun videos like this my